hi guys I'm here to teach you how to
make a mess box for parakeet all we need
is pretty much an old box short be and
scissors and newspaper that recycle what
you do first you need the sharpie you
drop really cool need to make sure your
parakeet can get through you can also
buy a nest box nest boxes of hair keep
it like a bar stools or petsmart petco
so that's that and you have the impact
now to this paper we need to shred
papers that they have today
what's good about newspaper is that
going to wrap around your bird's foot
and cause so you have unicycle settings
I'm gonna share mine again some people
different references about using news
paper shredding or like thai or timothy
hay but i used to read a newspaper then
you just flip the bottom and I leave a
hole at the top so you can see inside so
jeez I might read a newspaper and and
that's over there so this is when my
penis is much in your parakeet the names
I and OH twenty bucks so all right here
you're the best time to shine play
anything please on over playset with her
friend Henry
keep trying to tick the box come on Vita
you can't really force your birds to do
what they want because their livers
they're not so right now she's in there
you can see your tail some people do
bigger boxes different things with Greek
my size and rightfully so pretty much
I'll take her out but in the future
that's pretty good way to make a box